[DOCS] New grouped navigation side menu (#2088)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/grouped-nav-ui.asciidoc

[[grouped-nav-ui]]

> = Grouped navigation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Grouped navigation menu
```

> Grouped navigation is a new navigation UI for {elastic-sec} that groups related pages and highlights commonly visited areas for a streamlined experience. 

Reviewer 2: Made this suggestion because "a new navigation UI" seems less concrete (like you're talking about a new navigation experience) than a new menu. However if that was your intention, feel free to ignore this edit.

> Grouped navigation is a new navigation UI for {elastic-sec} that groups related pages and highlights commonly visited areas for a streamlined experience. 

Reviewer 2: Made this suggestion because "a new navigation UI" seems less concrete (like you're talking about a new navigation experience) than a new menu. However if that was your intention, feel free to ignore this edit.

> Grouped navigation is a new navigation UI for {elastic-sec} that groups related pages and highlights commonly visited areas for a streamlined experience. 

Author: Combined feedback:
```suggestion
The grouped navigation menu for {elastic-sec} groups related pages and highlights commonly visited areas for a streamlined experience. 
```

> NOTE: By default, the {security-app} uses the legacy navigation UI. To enable grouped navigation, go to *{kib}* -> *{stack-manage-app}* -> *Advanced Settings*, then turn on `securitySolution:enableGroupedNav`.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: By default, the {security-app} uses the legacy navigation menu. To enable grouped navigation, go to *{kib}* -> *{stack-manage-app}* -> *Advanced Settings*, then turn on `securitySolution:enableGroupedNav`.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/grouped-nav-ui.png[width=75%][height=75%][Overview of grouped navigation UI]

> The side navigation menu contains both direct links and category-based groups, identified by the group icon (image:images/group-icon.png[Group icon,16,16]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The side navigation menu contains both direct links and category-based groups, identified by the clickable group icon (image:images/group-icon.png[Group icon,16,16]).
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, just re-read the bulleted list again and you mention that the icon can be selected. Nvm then!

> * Select top-level links to go directly to pages that are essential for detection and investigation workflows (*Alerts*, *Timelines*, and *Cases*).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Click top-level links to go directly to pages that are essential for detection and investigation workflows (*Alerts*, *Timelines*, and *Cases*).
```
I think "select" introduces a moment of ambiguity where the reader is wondering if you mean select as in "specified" or "some" vs the intended meaning of "click on"

* Click a group's name to go to its landing page, with links and information for related pages.

* Click a group's icon (image:images/group-icon.png[Group icon,16,15]) to open its flyout menu. This displays the same links and information as the landing page, but without navigating away from the current page.

> * Use the *Manage* group to configure your {elastic-sec} system for various use cases, such as SIEM and endpoint management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the *Manage* group to configure {elastic-sec} for various use cases, such as SIEM and endpoint management.
```
